Press Release
For Immediate Release
13 November 2025, Singapore
GP Industries to shift production to Southeast Asia to serve
US market amid tariffs and rising geopolitical tensions
• To maintain competitiveness, GP Industries’ SE Asia facilities will produce for US
market, China for Europe and Asia
• GP Industries celebrates 30th anniversary of Singapore’s public listing and
incorporation
• World’s second largest producer of consumer batteries sees growth in rechargeable
Nickel Metal Hydride batteries, and in higher value, less capital-intensive acoustics
business
GP Industries Limited (GP Industries), the world’s second-largest producer of consumer
batteries, is shifting production capacity to its manufacturing facilities in Southeast Asia to
navigate US tariffs and rising geopolitical tensions.
The Group currently operates three facilities in Malaysia, two in Vietnam, and one in
Thailand. It also has two other plants in the UK. The diversification of its manufacturing
network is proving to be a crucial and timely competitive advantage, offering operational
flexibility amid the changing tariff landscape, GP Industries said.
GP Industries, which is celebrating the 30th anniversary of its incorporation and listing in
Singapore this month, said production capacity in Southeast Asia will be ramped up to
serve the US market while its China facility will now focus primarily on the European and
Asian markets. The move will streamline supply chains to meet country-of-origin
requirements and maintain cost competitiveness.
GP Industries is owned 86.18% by Hong Kong-listed Gold Peak Technology Group, which
is planning a multi-million-dollar investment in Johor to produce next-generation battery to
support data centres.
Chairman and CEO of GP Industries, Mr Victor Lo, in Singapore for the 30th anniversary
Page 1 of 3
celebration, said, “Over the past three decades, GP Industries has shown resilience and
maintained steady growth through financial crises, a global pandemic, geopolitical
tensions, and transformative technological changes including the ongoing AI revolution.
“We are confident that we will continue to demonstrate the same strength, adaptability,
and commitment to innovation that have sustained our growth and performance through
times of change.”
After higher initial costs from diversifying production to Southeast Asia, GP Industries said
margins have risen due to improved utilisation, lower commodity costs, and optimised
supply chains. Its FY2025 gross margin for batteries rose to 25%.
Mr Lo sees potential for the Gold Peak Technology Group, both GP Industries and its
parent, to scale significantly in Johor in the next five years.
“We chose Johor for its fast-track investment approvals, logistical proximity to Singapore,
skilled workforce, and a supportive business environment, ensuring both operational
efficiency and scalability for future growth.”
GP Industries traces its roots to a small battery business established in Hong Kong in
1964. It has since grown into a global manufacturer, producing over six billion batteries
annually, sold through one million outlets worldwide. It diversified into the acoustics
business in 1992 when it acquired leading high-end British brands, KEF and Celestion. Its
third business is in industrial investments, where it takes stake in companies that
manufacture and trade parts and components aligned to its battery solutions and acoustic
businesses.
Reflecting on the milestone achievement, Mr Lo said: “My greatest satisfaction comes
from witnessing the growth and transformation of GP Industries into a global technology
company built on the collective efforts and enduring dedication of our entire team.”
He added that the biggest shift in the battery industry has been the transition from single-
use, low-power batteries to advanced, rechargeable Nickel Metal Hydride batteries – a
change that has enabled the rise of portable electronics and the Internet of Things.
Mr Lo described the Group’s acoustics business “as a core area for diversification,
leveraging our technical strengths in precision engineering and energy management to
Page 2 of 3
expand into higher-value, less capital-intensive opportunities.”
KEF GP Group, GP Industries’ acoustics division, pioneered the use of computers in
loudspeaker design in 1973 and saw sales rise seven percent in FY2025, driven by new
retail and automotive partnerships.
Its sister brand, Celestion, whose speakers have been used by legendary musicians such
as Jimi Hendrix and Eric Clapton, is expanding into consumer audio products to reach a
wider market.
Looking ahead, GP Industries plans to further invest in R&D, enhance operational
efficiency, and expand its network of audio experience centres globally.
Mr Lo also emphasised the importance of nurturing future leaders to sustain the Group’s
legacy. “Succession has always been a priority for me. We have brought fresh
perspectives into senior management, strengthened our Board with independent directors,
and invested in development programmes to ensure our values and vision are carried
forward,” he said.
# # #
Page 3 of 3