Shopify To: BVP Group From: Alex Ferrara, Trevor Oelschig Date: October 12, 2010 Re: Shopify We seek approval for BVP to invest up to $7mm in the Series A financing of Shopify, a provider of e-commerce software to SMBs. Shopify sells a simple SaaS solution that enables a business to quickly setup and run an online retail store. A typical customer signs up using their credit card and is up and running in a few hours with no long-term contract. Shopify targets SMBs and at-home capitalists (e.g., eBay and Etsy sellers) who pay an average of $45 per month, with the goal of servicing these customers as they scale to become larger customers with more sophisticated needs. Shopify has also managed to sign-up a number of large businesses like Pixar, Amnesty International and Tesla Motors (selling Tesla accessories, not the cars) at higher price points. Shopify was my first lead investment as a partner, so I was incredibly nervous. It took me three roundtrip flights to Ottawa before I finally decided to present Tobi a term sheet. Why? Very few VCs believed that software businesses targeting SMBs were good investments, let alone ones that could deliver venture returns. Shopify has grown at an impressive rate. With limited marketing, customers have increased from 5,500 a year ago to nearly 10,000 today (+81% Y/Y). Over the same period, monthly recurring revenue has grown from $164K to $438K (+151% Y/Y). Across all Shopify-powered stores, the annualized gross merchandise value transacted is roughly $132mm. The business is profitable and largely bootstrapped, having raised just $1mm to date and having $1.3m of cash on its balance sheet with no debt. Shopifyís target focus on SMBs and the potential market size of online retail were seen as key risks, but their organic growth and profitable business was hard to ignore. In 2010, $132mm in GMV would have put Shopify in the top 50 online retailers. Thatís how small the online retail market was at that time! Shopify was founded in 2007 by two Ruby on Rails core developers. One of the co-founders left soon after starting the business. The other, Tobi L¸tke, stayed on and is serving as CEO. We have been impressed by Tobi. He is a young, first-time CEO who is thoughtful, has good product and management instincts. Shopifyís 24 employees are located in Ottawa, Canada. Based on Shopifyís reputation in Ottawa as a local internet startup success story, and based upon Tobiís reputation among the developer community, the company has been able to recruit some of the best development and design talent in Ottawa at 60%-70% of the cost of similar talent in Silicon Valley or New York. When Tobi came out to Silicon Valley, many VCs told him theyíd invest only if he moved to the Bay Area or merged his startup with one of their Bay Area investments. While I admittedly was not a big fan of Ottawaís bone-chilling winters, Shopifyís office was located in an energetic area downtown and they didnít seem to have any issues recruiting great talent in the region or from the nearby schools. I was excited to back what was clearly the best cloud startup in Canadaís capital. We are excited by what we see as a great product that has struck a chord with customers. The product is simple enough so that anyone can set up a fully functioning online store in a matter of hours. Thereís so much to love about the simplicity of the Shopify and the way it enabled small merchants to easily sell online. One of our colleagues described it as ìminutes to learn, a lifetime to masterî because it was both so simple to set up but the app store made ecommerce powerful and robust. Yet sophisticated features are also available without complicating the overall user experience. Shopify accomplishes this by making available an ìApp Storeî. A customer can click and install an ìAppî that extends the functionality of their online store beyond what Shopify provides. To make the ìApp Storeî possible, Shopify exposes an open API that allows third party software developers to integrate into its platform. This approach is a big competitive differentiator for Shopify. The APIís breadth and ease of use has resonated with the development community. For Shopify this is greatóit can offer capabilities necessary to support larger customers without having to invest in building out these features itself. Roughly two-thirds of Shopifyís customers utilize at least one app from their ìApp Storeî. The round is priced at a $20mm pre-money valuation ($18.7mm EV). We plan to invest $5mm and thereby own 20% on a fully-diluted basis. Shopify is on a ~$5.5mm annualized run rate and has demonstrated strong organic growth. Further, we think that there is an enormous opportunity to accelerate growth by investing in: i) marketing, ii) international expansion and product localization and iii) business development to expand the applications available in the Shopify App Store. In particular, we see marketing as a huge opportunity as the companyís growth to date has been largely organic and marketing thus far has been rudimentary. In fact, Shopify employs one paid search marketer and has no VP of Marketing. Market Opportunity Shopify plays into two themes: The consumerization of enterprise software.†The ability to offer cheap, consumer-like software opens a whole new market of customers (SMBs), who otherwise would find traditional enterprise software too complex and certainly too expensive. This is a roadmap in which we have been actively pursuing for 18 months across a number of categories of enterprise softwareófrom invoicing (Freshbooks) to remote support (TeamViewer) to help desk (Zendesk) to website creation (Wix). At Bessemer, Adam Fisher invested in Tel Aviv-based Wix in 2007 based on the platform and community they provided for creative self-expression, a novel idea during the Web 2.0 era. Bob Goodman and I invested in TeamViewer in 2009, a German provider of remote access software and desktop support software. The continued growth of e-commerce and its reach into SMBs.†Just as those smaller businesses have realized the power of the Internet as a channel for marketing (ala Yelp and Yodle), so too are they seeing it as a channel for selling their product. The widespread availability of product that can be drop shipped directly from manufacturers or via wholesale suppliers makes it even easier for the small guy to sell online. Customers & Pricing Shopify has grown its customers at an impressive clip. Typical customers are small online-only or brick-and-mortar retail businesses as well as ìstay-at-home capitalistsî who are looking to supplement the family income with a side business. On average, a Shopify customer is selling $13K of online merchandise a year. This average is very much skewed by customers who are selling just a handful of items a day. Shopifyís largest customer is selling $10mm of merchandise annually. In 2019, the number of merchants on the Shopify platform achieving over $1 million in GMV grew by 44%. Shopify continues to add 10,000 paying customers a week, with over 1,000,000 total customers and growing. Pricing plans are tiered, starting at $24 per month and goes as high as $700 per month with a transaction fee of 0.5ñ2% of sales. The distribution of customers is skewed towards to low-end. On average, customers are paying $45 per month. Over time, the average revenue per customer has increased. The increase in ARPU has been driven by increasing transaction fee revenue as Shopifyís customers grow their own businesses and the related increase in number of customers opting for higher-priced plans. Product Shopify is a SaaS application for setting up and running an online store. In many ways, its strength lies in its simplicity, which is ideally suited to small businesses. A non-techie can start taking orders from a professional-looking online store in a few hours after sign-up. * Customize storefrontís look & feel. Select a design template from their ìTheme Storeî, which includes templates created by their community of 500 web designers. Those who want more flexibility can edit make direct edits to HTML or CSS. A customer can switch out a template and have their site dynamically updated. * Organize and manage products. Add, list, edit and organize products using a streamlined interface. Drag-and-drop to order product images and descriptions. * Perform basic inventory management. * Accept credit card payments through payment gateways. * Track and respond to orders. Track payment and shipping status on orders with detailed reports. Email customers from within Shopify. The Shopify philosophy is to build only those features into that most customers need most of the time. They were one of the first cloud companies to successfully create a third party app ecosystem that enabled customers to get access to functionality without having to rely on Shopify to develop it. However in the early days they didn't have many customers so it was difficult to attract third party developers. They resorted to running contests for the best third party app, taking a page from our portfolio company Twilio which has also