had success building an ecosystem of third party apps. For capabilities that a high-volume retailer might need, Shopify has made available an open API that enables third party software to integrate into its platform. This means that Shopify can keep its product simple, while adding niche or sophisticated features to its platform without needing to build it themselves. From a customerís perspective, they can add a feature by accessing Shopifyís ìApp Storeî. Customer take-up has been impressive, with roughly two-thirds (66%) of customers using at least one third-party app. The App Store was launched a year ago and now has over 54 applications. Apps range from those developed specifically for Shopify and those of vendors like PowerReviews that are integrated into a number of different platforms. Growth has been almost entirely organic. Until just two months ago Shopify had not talked to a single company in the app ecosystem. Some examples: Competing vendors like Volusion, BigCommerce and Magento have also made available an API that enables third party software to integrate into its platform. These have seen limited uptake. Our diligence of customers has validated that the APIs made available by these vendors are extremely difficult to develop against. Customer Acquisition & Retention Roughly 65ñ70% of customers sign-up via word-of-mouth. Roughly 20% of customers sign-up via referrals from web design firms. Until Shopify had setup a data warehouse, they didnít know how crucial their web design firm channel could be for growth (as it has been for Wix and HubSpot). And just recently, the company hired a full-time person to cultivate this channel. Finally, roughly 10ñ15% of customers sign-up via paid channels, which is largely keyword marketing and the occasional contest program. It is spending $25ñ70K per month and, as they would admit, the teamís marketing sophistication is rudimentary, at best. Despite this, they are able to acquire a customer for between $175ñ225 and can pay back that spend in 7ñ9 months on a churn-adjusted basis. We believe that Shopify has under-invested in marketing in a big way and that with a VP of Marketing and a few experienced people in place, the company can accelerate growth. Like most businesses selling to SMBs, there is a sharp drop-off in the first few months following sign-up. For Shopify, this is no different. By month 3, Shopify retains roughly 75% of its customers. By month 12, 50ñ60% of customers remain. Once stabilized, monthly churn ranges from 3ñ5%. Overall, Shopifyís retention curve looks quite similar to that of Wix. A 5% monthly logo churn likely scared off other investors. We got comfortable investing in SMB companies that have high logo churn so long as 1) the company doesnít have to pay a lot to acquire those customers, and 2) the customers that do stick around end up making up for the ones that churn. We look at cohort retention to figure out the latter. Shopify was strong in both cases. Market Opportunity Shopify targets small and mid-sized brick & mortar retailers as well as people looking to start an online-only store to sell physical goods. Estimating the size of this market is difficult. However, the size of similar, but much more legacy and US/Canada-only businesses provide a proxy: Homestead (~85K customers), Yahoo Stores (~55K) and eBay ProStores (~30K). At the lowest end, Shopify targets at-home capitalistsóthe same audience as Etsy, which has roughly 80,000 active sellers generating $300mm in annualized gross merchandise value. We are also excited by the potential to expand more aggressively beyond online retail and into brick & mortar businesses which desire an integrated online presence. It is in this area that Shopify is dedicating a large portion of its resources. Based on a flood of requests from existing customers, Shopify is developing a simple retail point-of-sale and inventory management system for use with an iPad/iPhone/smartphone that ties into Shopifyís online storefront platform. Shopify will enable its merchants to offer their brick and mortar customers a point-of-sale experience similar to that found in physical Apple Stores at a fraction of the cost of more traditional point-of-sale offerings. Another capability on the companyís product roadmap is support for recurring billing. Shopify is currently designed to meet the needs of customers seeking to sell physical goods online. However there is growing marketplace demand for shopping carts that enable the sale of digital goods and software on a recurring basis. Shopify plans to offer recurring billing capabilities at some point in the next year and the compounding nature of those customer accounts provides the potential for substantial economic upside to this investment. Competition The market for traditional ecommerce software is crowded, but the needs of SMBs are growing rapidly to include mobile commerce, web-based inventory management, and innovations around point of sale systems. We believe that Shopifyís technology solution is better positioned than competitors to provide these solutions to the growing number of ìMain Streetî retailers who are coming online. * SMB Ecommerce Platforms & Shopping Cart Software†(eBay ProStores, WebStore by Amazon, BigCommerce & Volusion)óVolusion is perhaps the most formidable competitor. In 2009, it generated $23mm in revenue. It is priced in the same range as Shopify and has a similar feature set, but is less drag-and-drop than Shopify (customization requires some programming). * Domain Name Registrars†(GoDaddy, Yahoo)óThe large registrars are marketing machines which have millions of customers that they can up-sell at the time of registration or at a later period. Most offer only basic shopping cart capabilities. However, it is certainly conceivable that they can expand with a more full-featured offering. * Mid-Tier Ecommerce Products†(Magento Commerce)óMagento is the leading open source ecommerce product and is sold on a perpetual licenses basis. The product has a reputation for being powerful but complicated to implement and scale, typically requiring an engineering team for implementation, operation and performance optimization. Magento is growing nicely and plans to compete with Shopify by offering a SaaS version of its product. While the large, full-feature e-commerce packages (Escalate, IBM, ATG, Demandware), offer a superset of Shopifyís features, we do not see them as competition. As with players in other categories of enterprise software, we think it will be hard for these companies to compete on the low-end. A few months after we invested, Oracle acquired ATG for $500m. I remember emailing with Tobi about how great it would be to someday top that outcome because it seemed aspirational and far-reaching to say the least. At that time, none of the large acquirors and very few public market investors cared much about SMB-focused businesses. Few could have imagined an SMB-focused like Shopify ever going public. But the long-term trend of ecommerce growth ultimately dominated any concerns around selling to SMBs. Team Shopify was founded in 2007 by two young Ruby on Rails core developers. One co-founder is no-longer active. The other, Tobi L¸tke, is their CEO. Tobi is a relatively young programmer who was part of the Ruby on Rails core development team. Tobi has largely bootstrapped the business and has done a good job at that. He has a clear vision for building the business and recognizes his own shortcomings. We donít feel like there is any immediate need to replace him as CEO, but will need to ensure that he has more senior talent around him. The business desperately needs a VP of Marketing and to more generally hire marketing talent. We will likely look beyond Ottawa to find marketing talent. Having met other members of the senior team in Ottawa, it is clear that their strength lies in product design and user experience. Is this first-time founder capable of recruiting top talent and growing a team that scales with the company? Carrying out their vision while running a business? Tobi has not only done a fantastic job as CEO, but he recruited and built an outstanding team who are still there today. Throughout our due diligence process, Harley Finklestein did all the heavy lifting to our requests and was incredibly responsive. Heís still the Chief Operating Officer. And shortly after we invested, Tobi hired Craig Miller, who is now Chief Product Officer at Shopify but played the VPM role for many years. Summary Financials Shopify generates an overwhelming majority of its revenue from recurring monthly fees that it charges customers and a small percentage from a transaction fee of 0.5ñ2% on its customersí merchandise sales. Unfortunately, the company has not forecasted 2011. Historically, there wasn't much need to do forecasting as a cash-in-the-bank based bootstrapped business. We donít think it unreasonable for Shopify to double revenue next year. At close, Shopify will have roughly $6.3mm in cash ($.3mm existing and $5mm additional). Summary P&L Deal This is a deal for BVP to invest $5mm at $25mm pre-money, with a 13.5% option pool built into the pre-money valuation, 4% of which will be re-granted to existing employees. This Series A security is a 1x straight preferred. BVP will receive two of five board seats and will have the right to force a sale after 6 years. In addition, we anticipate an opportunity to purchase $2mm worth of common shares at a 25% discount from a co-founder who left the company several years ago. The additional $2mm would increase our exposure to $7mm, but also increase our ownership to 31% at an attractive price. We would likely share a portion of the $2m investment with Felicis. Outcomes Analysis There weren't any big internet exits in Canada in 2010 and some of Shopify's existing shareholders and advisors thought the biggest possible outcome for the company was ~$50m. In our term sheet negotiations, I initially asked for some structure in the deal (remember, I was nervous as this was my first solo deal as a partner) so that if Tobi decided to sell for $50m we'd make money. Tobi, to his credit, resisted and instead held out for a "clean" deal. We agreed to keep it clean, but before we signed I asked for his word and a handshake agreement that he wouldnít sell Shopify if he got an offer for $50 or $75m. Lucky for us, we were completely wrong in our outcomes analysis; the upside case was off by more than two orders of magnitude! Conclusion We are enthusiastic about the potential for Shopify to disrupt existing solutions with a consumer-like product that has resonated with customers and enabled the company to demonstrate strong organic growth. Further, uptake of the App Storeóby both third-party developers and customersóprovides differentiation and a path to break away from the pack. We recommend this investment. Appendix Consumerization of Enterprise Software Roadmap There are emerging SMB versions for almost all categories of enterprise softwareófrom invoicing to accounting to CRM to IT management. The Internet as a medium for reaching and transacting with customers is also creating whole new software categoriesófrom collaboration to online advertising. Historically installed software has been too complex for SMBs to setup and use. And more often than not, SMBs couldnít afford it anyway. In turn, vendors have struggled with making direct or even channel sales profitable. This is now possible; thanks to Web 2.0 and the SaaS delivery model and the ability to use online marketing to profitably acquire and provision SMB customers. Incumbent enterprise software vendors have proven themselves unable to compete as they are fundamentally not oriented to sell to or serve SMBs. They would love to move down market. But doing so would disrupt their business models and cannibalize cash cows. Fundamentally, they know how to sell direct and by channel, but donít know how to market online. Just as important, the incumbents arenít strong at building consumer software or creating great Web experiences. Because barriers-to-entry are low and customer churn can be high, we believe that breakout companies will have the following characteristics: * Product categories with well-known and well-defined pain points and a natural stickiness * Companies achieving strong growth with limited marketing spend * Companies with good customer acquisition economics, even if still early * Companies beginning to build a brand and scale relative to competitors * Teams with a strong product design sense and consumer Internet DNA We believe that Shopify meet these characteristics. And over time, like leaders in other categories, we feel that Shopify and its App Store strategy gives it a path to ultimately disrupt enterprise vendors with a ìcome from belowî offering and move up market.